hey guys punk rocker yeah here Mikey
just saw captain britain captain britain
is live you can get him 490 command
points and he has a ton of stuff on him
and looks awesome first off he's flying
and then he has the Lion of Avalon gains
rora valor and restores health each time
any enemy dies so you get health for
killing enemies this is raw valid valor
each time any Ally dies so while air to
the other world chance to gain an extra
turn and roar valor after attacking a
target with dizzy slowed exposed or
weakened attacking targets with all four
effects causes curse of the other world
roar valor increase all stats chance to
take reduce damage stacks up to three
times so Wow and then his moves are
right as might it puts weekend and dizzy
on attacks on opponents and save the
queen exploits flying I deals extra
damage against flying targets exposed
defense reduced by twenty-five percent
smashing this hits all enemies it's a
ground attack ignores most protect and
avoidance of X hat puts load and stuns
them and then you got Britannic it's one
enemy for quite a bit of damage and it
has deadly crits and paragon exploiter
which stills extra damage to targets
with bleeding burn
being chilled combo set up dizzy exposed
poison slowed or stunned so he already
does like one two three four five five
different debuffs on the people and then
he use this and it's going to do extra
damage so I do believe I'm going to be
recruiting him plus he has all this
right here which I need to use him and
see exactly how it works but he sounds
like a great character and this probably
is going to be one of the the better
bruisers as long as they don't you know
don't nerf him and take away all his
good stuff but guys check him out try
and recruit him that's my opinion get
him before you get the wasp I guess
thanks for watching check me out on BK
BN net and be sure to subscribe and
watch my other videos